Luna: SO IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR
NEXT OPPONENT IN THE GRAND PRIX
IS TEAM RAGNAROK.
RIGHT, LET'S SEE WHAT WE
CAN PULL UP ON THESE GUYS.
HM, THERE'S DRAGAN, BRODER AND
THEN THEIR CAPTAIN, HALLDOR.
YES.
AND TOGETHER,
THEY'RE SAID TO BE
THE MOST SKILLED DUEL
TEAM IN THE WORLD.
SO WHAT'S THE PLAN?
TO WIN.
BECAUSE IF WE DON'T
ADVANCE PAST THEM,
WE DON'T MAKE THE FINALS AND WE
CAN'T FACE THE THREE EMPERORS.
AND NOT STOPPING
THEM IS NOT AN OPTION.
YOU SAID IT, CROW!
THAT'S WHY MY
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
IS GONNA RAGE OUT
ON TEAM RAGNAROK.
RIGHT, JACK.
WE HAVE TO GIVE
THIS ONE OUR ALL.
YEAH!
NO DOUBT!
[LIGHTNING CRACKING]
Dragan: I SEE NOW WHAT YOU
WERE SPEAKING OF, HALLDOR.
THIS IS MOST TROUBLING.
Halldor: INDEED IT IS, DRAGAN.
MOST TROUBLING.
Broder: IT SEEMS A GRAVE
THREAT IS APPROACHING.
CHECK IT OUT.
WHAT IS THAT THING?
Jack: I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT CAN'T BE GOOD.
Halldor: WHATEVER IT IS,
IT'S INTRIGUING TO KNOW
WE'RE NOT THE ONLY ONES
WHO CAN SEE IT.
Yusei: IT'S TEAM RAGNAROK.
WHAT'S WITH THEIR EYES?
I DON'T KNOW, JACK.
BUT SOMETHING'S HAPPENING
THAT'S ACTIVATING OUR MARKS.
AH, YES, WE'VE HEARD QUITE
A BIT ABOUT YOU THREE.
THE ONES WHO BEAR THE
MARKS OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
AS YOU SEEM TO HAVE NOTICED...
WE THREE BEAR A MARK AS WELL.
SO THOSE AREN'T CONTACTS?
Halldor: ENOUGH JOKING.
THE SAFETY OF OUR WORLD
HANGS IN THE BALANCE.
Yusei: HANGS IN THE BALANCE?
Halldor: THAT'S RIGHT.
THIS MYSTERIOUS
OBJECT IN THE SKY
HAS RELEASED A COSMIC FORCE
THAT HAS ALTERED TIME AND SPACE
AND NOW THREATENS
OUR VERY EXISTENCE.
THE OBJECT IN THE SKY
IS AN OMEN FOR THIS.
FIMBULWINTER WILL BE HERE SOON.
FIMBULWINTER?
YES.
IT IS AN EVENT WELL
KNOWN IN NORSE MYTHOLOGY.
IT IS AN EPIC BATTLE.
WAIT, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THAT THIS BATTLE IS
GONNA HAPPEN SOON?
YES.
HOW SOON I KNOW NOT.
BUT...
I CAN TELL YOU THAT
I BELIEVE THIS OBJECT
THAT WE SEE FLOATING ABOVE
HAS A CONNECTION
WITH THE DUELISTS
WHO HAVE FORMED TEAM NEW WORLD.
HOW DO YOU KNOW ALL THIS?
MY EYE SHOWS ME MANY THINGS AND
ONE OF THEM IS QUITE DREADFUL.
[GASPING]
Halldor: TEAM NEW WORLD
MUST BE DEFEATED.
AND THAT IS OUR MISSION.
THE MISSION OF THE
DUELISTS WITH THE RUNE EYES.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Halldor: YUSEI, WE THREE
BEAR THE RUNE EYES
BECAUSE WE BEAR THE POWER OF
THE THREE MIGHTY LEGENDS.
THESE LEGENDS YOU
MAY HAVE HEARD OF.
THEY WERE NOBLE,
THEY WERE RIGHTEOUS.
THEY WERE THE THREE NORDIC GODS.
THE THREE NORDIC GODS?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT,
AREN'T THOSE JUST CARDS?
OH, THEY ARE MUCH
MORE THAN THAT.
THE NORDIC GODS ONCE
EXISTED AS FLESH AND BLOOD.
IT'S TRUE THEY ARE CARDS NOW,
BUT CARDS THAT STILL HOLD THE
POWER OF THE GODS THEMSELVES.
YOU SEE, THEY WERE
SEALED IN THESE CARDS
SO THEY WOULD BE AVAILABLE
WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED THEM.
WELL, NOW THEY ARE NEEDED.
I KNOW BECAUSE I SAW THE
THREAT THAT APPROACHES.
YOU SEE, BEFORE I WAS
A DUELIST, I WAS A PILOT.
CAPTAIN, I'VE BEEN HIT!
HELP!
MY INSTRUMENTS!
THEY'RE GOING HAYWIRE!
OH, NO.
IT MUST BE DUE TO THAT
STRANGE WAVE THAT HIT US.
CAPTAIN, I CAN'T
SEE ANYTHING.
WHAT DO I DO?
CLIMB!
NOW, NOW!
WAIT, I THINK
THE SMOKE IS CLEARING.
PULL UP, THAT'S AN ORDER!
ROGER THAT.
WHOA!
WHERE'D THAT COME FROM?
THIS'LL BE CLOSE!
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT.
Officer: CAPTAIN HALLDOR,
YOU FIRED YOUR COMBAT MISSILES
WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION.
UNLESS YOU GIVE ME
A GOOD REASON WHY,
I'LL HAVE NO CHOICE,
BUT TO DISCHARGE YOU.
FINE WITH ME.
I WAS PLANNING
ON RETIRING ANYHOW.
SORRY...
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I'M THROUGH WITH
THE SERVICE, SIR.
THROUGH?
BUT YOU ALWAYS SAID YOU WANTED
TO PROTECT THE WORLD FROM HARM.
THAT'S RIGHT, SIR.
BUT THOSE PLANES OUT THERE?
THEY WON'T DO ANY GOOD AGAINST
THE HARM THAT'S COMING.
I HAVE A HUNCH
WHAT MIGHT THOUGH.
WAIT, HALLDOR!
I DON'T GET IT!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
ANSWER ME, HALLDOR!
WHAT'S COMING?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
Halldor: AND WHEN
FIMBULWINTER ARRIVES,
THE MORALE OF ALL THE PEOPLE WHO
ARE CAUGHT IN IT WILL CRUMBLE.
AND SOON AFTER,
THEY WILL WILT
AND LOSE THEIR SOULS.
SO THE TIME HAS FINALLY COME.
OUR GREAT TEST.
SO THEN, HALLDOR, ARE YOU OFF
TO GO AND FIND THE OTHER TWO?
THAT'S RIGHT AND I DON'T
HAVE A MOMENT TO SPARE.
AFTER ALL, SEBASTIAN,
I WON'T BE ABLE TO TAKE
ON THESE FORCES ALONE.
I FIGURED...
THAT IS WHY I'VE ALREADY
FOUND THEM FOR YOU.
THEN IT'S TIME THAT WE MEET.
Dragan's Father: DID
I HEAR YOU CORRECTLY?
YOU'RE ONE OF THE KEEPERS OF
THE THREE NORDIC GOD CARDS?
Halldor: FATE BROUGHT
THIS CARD TO ME
JUST AS I KNOW FATE
BROUGHT THE THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR
CARD TO YOUR SON.
I NEED HIS HELP.
SINCE YOU SEEM TO
BE WHO YOU SAY,
OPEN THAT DRAWER RIGHT THERE.
DEAR ME.
IT'S THE THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR CARD!
MY SON LEFT THAT CARD HERE,
ALONG WITH HIS HEART.
I'M SORRY TO SAY THAT HE'S IN
A TROUBLED STATE... DEEPLY SO.
HMM...
PERHAPS YOU CAN
HELP HIM, HALLDOR.
HE'S GONE TO THE MOUNTAIN.
AND I FEAR HE HAS NO
INTENTION OF EVER COMING BACK.
THE CARD...
GET IT TO HIM AND
THERE MAY STILL BE HOPE.
YOU MUST DO
THIS, HALLDOR,
FOR YOUR OWN SAKE
AND FOR THAT OF MY SON'S.
THEN IT SHALL BE DONE.
Man: ARE YOU OUT OF
YOUR MIND, DRAGAN?
STICK TO THE TRAIL!
[GRUNTING]
A FOR THE LAST TIME, IT'S TOO
DANGEROUS TO GO UP THAT WAY!
FINE, IF HE WON'T
LISTEN TO REASON,
THEN THE FOOL IS ON HIS OWN.
HUH?
AVALANCHE!
HE'S DONE FOR.
[SCREAMING]
YOU JUST SURVIVED
AN AVALANCHE, DRAGAN.
AND YOU DID SO BY WAY
OF THE MIGHTY RUNE EYE.
RUNE EYE?
I DON'T...
DRAGAN, YOU HAVE GREAT
POWER INSIDE YOU.
POWER THAT THE WORLD NEEDS NOW.
WHO ARE YOU?
TELL ME.
MY NAME IS HALLDOR.
I AM KEEPER OF THE ODIN,
FATHER OF THE AESIR CARD.
NOW THEN, PLEASE,
COME WITH ME.
THIS IS ANOTHER ONE OF
THE NORDIC GOD CARDS.
THIS IS THOR.
YOU'RE THE OWNER OF
THIS CARD, ARE YOU NOT?
I'M NOT.
I TOSSED THAT CARD
AND I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW
I DID IT FOR A GOOD REASON.
BECAUSE I REALLY
DON'T DESERVE IT.
SORRY.
YOUR FATHER SEEMED
TO THINK OTHERWISE.
HE VERY MUCH WANTED
YOU TO HAVE IT.
YOUR FATHER TOLD ME THAT YOU
LOST YOUR HEART, DRAGAN.
WELL, FRIEND...
IF YOU BATTLE ALONGSIDE
ME WITH THOR,
I THINK YOU JUST MIGHT FIND IT.
I CAN'T TAKE ON THE
COMING THREAT ALONE.
TO BE VICTORIOUS,
I NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE.
AND THAT OF ONE OTHER.
Broder: YOU SURE PICKED A
WAY OUTTA THE WAY PLACE
TO LOOK FOR TREASURE.
AND NOT TO MENTION
DANGEROUS, TOO!
I DON'T MEAN TO SCARE YOU,
BUT THERE ARE PIRATES
ALL AROUND THESE PARTS.
IN FACT, SOME SAY THIS
ENTIRE AREA'S HAUNTED.
SO THAT BEING THE CASE,
I'M SURE THAT YOU'LL UNDERSTAND
IF I JUST WAIT HERE.
THERE IT IS.
THE THIRD OF THE
NORDIC GOD CARDS,
THE ELUSIVE LOKI,
LORD OF THE AESIR CARD!
HIYA!
ON SECOND THOUGHT, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT THE PIRATES OR GHOSTS.
IF THERE'S ANYONE YOU'RE GONNA
WORRY ABOUT, IT SHOULD BE ME.
LATER, GATOR.
HMM...
THAT WAS TOO EASY!
UH...
LOOKS LIKE HE BROUGHT BACKUP.
TOO BAD THEY'RE NOT
GONNA DO HIM ANY GOOD.
AFTER ALL, IF YOU DON'T
KNOW THESE HERE WATERS,
YOU'RE WRECKED.
DRAGAN, THESE ROCKS ARE
POSING QUITE THE PROBLEM.
SEE TO IT.
HOW IN THE WORLD...?
AH!
OH, NO!
I'M WRECKED!
WHOA!
[GROANING]
LOOK, I'M SORRY, OKAY?
BUT NO HARM, NO FOUL.
HERE'S YOUR CARD.
THAT IS NOT JUST ANY CARD.
THAT IS ONE OF THE
THREE NORDIC GOD CARDS.
IT IS KNOWN AS LOKI, LORD OF
THE AESIR, AND IT'S NOT OURS.
IT'S YOURS.
MINE?
THAT'S RIGHT.
NONE OF THIS IS
AN ACCIDENT, BRODER.
AFTER ALL, WHY DO YOU
THINK I ASKED YOU
TO HELP ME TRACK THAT CARD DOWN?
YOU WERE DESTINED TO HAVE IT,
SO THAT YOU COULD HELP US NOW.
HOW CAN I HELP?
I'M NO ONE.
I CAN SEE IT IN YOUR EYES.
AND NOW THAT THE THREE NORDIC
GODS HAVE BEEN PLACED,
THEY SHALL, AT LONG LAST,
BE RESURRECTED!
WHOA!
WAIT, WHAT'S HAPPENIN' HERE?
Halldor: WHAT NEEDS TO HAPPEN
SO THAT THE WORLD CAN BE SAVED.
Halldor: THEY SAY
THE THREE NORDIC GODS
HAVE THE POWER TO FEND OFF
THE GRAVEST OF THREATS.
SO WE ARE GOING TO USE THAT
POWER AGAINST THE THREAT
THAT IS NOW FAST APPROACHING.
AFTER ALL, THIS IS OUR DUTY.
Yusei: WE'RE STILL TALKING
ABOUT THE EMPERORS, RIGHT?
THAT IS CORRECT, YUSEI.
THEY HOLD THE KEY
TO EVERYTHING.
WHICH IS WHY WE MUST FACE THEM,
BECAUSE ONLY THEN WILL THE FULL
SCOPE OF THEIR PLAN BE REVEALED.
SO TAKING ON
TEAM NEW WORLD
IS WHY YOU ENTERED
THIS WHOLE THING?
LISTEN GUYS, WE WANNA
TAKE THEM DOWN TOO.
WE SHOULD ALL JUST
WORK TOGETHER.
SORRY, BUT I'M AFRAID
THE THREE NORDIC GOD CARDS
DON'T BELIEVE YOU'RE AN
ALLY WORTH HAVING, YUSEI.
WHAT?
THE PERSON WHOSE RESEARCH
BROUGHT ABOUT ZERO REVERSE
WAS YOUR FATHER,
WAS IT NOT, YUSEI?
AND SINCE YOU'RE
OF HIS BLOODLINE,
YOU HAVE IT IN YOU TO CAUSE THE
SAME DAMAGE HIS RESEARCH DID.
THAT'S NOT TRUE AT ALL.
AND MY FATHER WAS
A VERY GOOD MAN.
SO YOU SAY, BUT I SUPPOSE
WE'LL JUST HAVE TO LET
OUR UPCOMING DUEL
REVEAL WHAT'S WHAT.
JUST FORGET ABOUT
THESE THREE BOZOS, YUSEI.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE
NEED THEIR HELP ANYHOW.
AH, JACK, I SEE YOUR DIVA
ATTITUDE HASN'T CHANGED.
MY WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME.
YOU'RE SO ARROGANT,
I'LL BET YOU STILL THINK
YOU REALLY WON
BACK WHEN WE DUELED.
WE DUELED?
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
I COULDN'T BE MORE SURE.
AFTER ALL, YOU'RE THE REASON
I LOST HEART IN DUELING.
I AM?
YES, IT WAS THREE YEARS AGO...
WHEN ONE MORNING I WOKE
AND DECIDED IT WAS TIME
FOR ME TO LEAVE HOME AND
MAKE MY NAME AS A DUELIST.
HOWEVER, IN ORDER TO DO THAT,
I WOULD NEED TO FIND A CARD
THAT WAS AS STRONG AS MY
COMPETITIVE INSTINCTS.
I SOON FOUND WHAT
I WAS LOOKING FOR:
ONE OF THE THREE NORDIC
GOD CARDS THOR.
MY FATHER WAS THERE WITH ME.
HE SAW THE CONNECTION
I FELT TO THOR.
AND HE SAW THOR'S MIGHT.
MY FATHER WAS BADLY INJURED
WHEN THE CAVE COLLAPSED.
BUT LUCKILY, I WAS ABLE
TO GET HIM TO A HOSPITAL.
HOWEVER, THE OPERATIONS
THAT MY FATHER NEEDED
TO GET BETTER WEREN'T CHEAP.
AND UNFORTUNATELY,
WE HAD NO MONEY.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
UNTIL AN OPPORTUNITY
PRESENTED ITSELF.
[CHUCKLING]
YOU'RE ASKING ME
TO DUEL JACK ATLAS?
FOR MONEY?
MM-HMM.
Dragan: I COULDN'T REFUSE.
BUT AT THE SAME TIME,
I COULDN'T UNDERSTAND
WHY I WAS SELECTED
TO BE YOUR OPPONENT.
BACK THEN, YOU
WERE A DUELING STAR.
THIS WAY, MR. ATLAS.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
Dragan: BUT SOON I REALIZED...
THEY WANTED ME TO
BE YOUR OPPONENT
BECAUSE YOU WERE A STAR.
SEE, I WAS A NOBODY.
THEY FIGURED I WOULD
DO WHAT I WAS TOLD.
ESPECIALLY IF THE
PRICE WAS RIGHT.
AND WHAT I WAS TOLD
WAS TO LOSE THE MATCH.
LOSING ON PURPOSE WAS
AGAINST EVERY INSTINCT
I HAD AS A DUELIST.
BUT WITH MY FATHER'S
WELL-BEING ON THE LINE,
I HAD TO REJECT THOSE INSTINCTS.
I HAD TO ACCEPT THE
INSTRUCTIONS THAT LAZAR GAVE ME
AND THROW THE MATCH.
YOU LIE!
I DEFEATED YOU WITH
PURE SKILL IN OUR DUEL!
THAT'S ALL!
NO, YOU DEFEATED ME
BECAUSE YOU WERE A PRODUCT
THAT MADE GOODWIN MONEY AND HE
WANTED TO KEEP MAKING MONEY.
BUT NOW, IT'S PAYBACK TIME.
JACK, I CAN SEE IT IN YOUR
EYES YOU KNOW IT'S TRUE.
GRR...
OUR DUEL WAS A SET UP!
Dragan: ALL YOU NEED
TO DO IS REMEMBER
HOW THE EVENTS OF
THAT DAY UNFOLDED.
PERHAPS THE CROWD WAS
TOO PUMPED UP TO NOTICE.
BUT YOU MUST'VE SEEN
THAT THE FIX WAS IN.
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I SUMMON THE TUNER
MONSTER, TOP RUNNER!
I THEN PLAY TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
Dragan: YOUR MOVES
WERE PATHETIC, JACK.
I SAW A MYRIAD OF
WAYS TO TAKE YOU DOWN.
BUT I WASN'T ALLOWED
TO USE ANY OF THEM.
HA!
I SEE THAT YOU'VE
BEEN PARALYZED WITH FEAR.
WELL, DON'T BE ASHAMED,
THAT'S OFTEN THE CASE
WHEN A WEAK DUELIST
LIKE YOURSELF FACES ME!
MY TURN!
FIRST, I'LL SUMMON GARMR
OF THE NORDIC BEASTS!
NEXT, I'LL PLAY A
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
FOOL.
A WEAK MONSTER IN ATTACK
MODE AND A FACEDOWN CARD?
LOOKS LIKE THIS DUEL'S
GOING TO BE OVER
EVEN SOONER THAN I THOUGHT.
MY TURN NOW!
SO WATCH AND LEARN.
HERE WE GO!
FIRST I SUMMON FORTH POWER
BREAKER FROM MY HAND.
NEXT, MY LEVEL FOUR TOP RUNNER
WILL TUNE WITH THAT
LEVEL FOUR POWER BREAKER.
BEHOLD, IN AN INFERNO
OF POWER AND MIGHT,
A BLAZING NEW BEAST
IS NOW FORGED!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[CHEERING]
Dragan: THE CROWD WENT CRAZY.
THAT'S WHAT THEY CAME
TO SEE, AFTER ALL.
THE STAR MONSTER
OF THEIR STAR DUELIST.
IT MADE ME ABSOLUTELY SICK.
SEEING THE WAY
YOU WERE SHOWBOATING.
HOW YOU WERE SO FULL
OF FALSE CONFIDENCE.
IT AWAKENED A COMPETITION IN ME.
SUDDENLY, I FOUND MYSELF
WANTING TO BEAT YOU,
NO MATTER WHAT THE COST.
IF I USE THIS TRAP
CARD, I CAN WIN.
I CAN SHOW THE WORLD
HOW GOOD I REALLY AM.
Lazar: COME IN, DRAGAN.
IT'S LAZAR.
DON'T FORGET YOUR AGREEMENT
WITH DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
IF YOU DON'T LOSE THE MATCH,
YOU DON'T GET THE MONEY.
AND YOU DON'T SAVE YOUR FATHER.
[DRAGAN GROANING]
TAKE HEART, MY LITTLE,
AMATEUR, DUELING FRIEND.
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND AND I
ARE ABOUT TO PUT YOU
OUT OF YOUR MISERY!
GO ABSOLUTE POWERFORCE!
[GROANING]
Draga: I LOST THE MATCH.
BUT I WON MY FATHER'S HEALTH.
I NEVER REGRETTED WHAT I DID.
BUT AT THE SAME TIME,
I NEVER STOPPED THINKING
ABOUT WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN.
OH, PLEASE.
YOU'RE JUST SORE.
I'LL BET YOU CREATED
THAT WHOLE STORY
JUST TO MAKE
YOURSELF FEEL BETTER.
THE TRUTH IS, THOUGH,
YOU LOST FAIR AND SQUARE.
NO, JACK, THE TRUTH IS...
IF I HAD USED MY TRUMP CARD,
I WOULD'VE WON THE MATCH.
YOU'RE OFF YOUR ROCKER!
ENOUGH SMALL TALK.
WE CAN SETTLE THIS
MATTER ANOTHER WAY.
YEAH, WITH A REMATCH.
SO SINCE WE HAVE TO DUEL
FOR THE GRAND PRIX ANYHOW,
THIS SHOULD MAKE
THINGS EXTRA INTERESTING.
THEN IT'S SETTLED.
TOMORROW WE DUEL TO SETTLE
THINGS BETWEEN JACK AND DRAGAN.
BUT EVEN MORE IMPORTANTLY,
TO SEE WHICH OF OUR
TEAMS GETS TO ADVANCE
TO THE GRAND PRIX FINALS.
WHERE WE'LL HAVE THE CHANCE
TO TAKE ON THE REAL VILLAIN.
SO YOU HAD BETTER BELIEVE,
WE'RE GONNA REV IT UP!